								March, 1994
Welcome to the Cider source code distribution
---------------------------------------------
    This is the source code for the mixed-level circuit and device simulator
Cider.  Four directories are provided:
  1. The source code to Berkeley Spice3f.5, a bug-fix and upgrade to the last
     version of Spice3 distributed by Berkeley.  The upgrade primarily adds
     features to support distributed processing in Cider.
  2. The source code to Cider1b.1 that contains 1d and 2d device simulators and
     interface routines used to couple to Spice3. The main routine for
     the Cider executable is also found here.
  3. The source code to the TCGMSG distributed message-passing library used
     for portable communication in the parallel version of Cider.  TCGMSG
     was developed by the Theoretical Computing Group at Argonne National
     laboratories, and is therefore in the public domain.  UC Berkeley does
     not hold the copyright to this code.
  4. An experimental simulated-annealing-based task partitioner that was
     intended to provide better load balancing in the parallel-version of
     Cider.  This code is not integrated with the rest of the distribution
     and must be installed manually.

Building and Installing Cider
-----------------------------
To build the serial version of Cider, first go to the directory
spice/common and follow the instructions for building Spice3 in the readme file
located there. Then, go to the directory cider/common and build the Cider
executable.
    If you want to build the parallel version of Cider, you'll first need to
install TCGMSG in the tcgmsg/common directory.  After TCGMSG successfully
compiles, run "install.sh <system>" where "system" is the same name of the
architecture you'll be using for Cider.  In order to avoid mixing the wrong
libraries you'll need different system names for the serial and parallel
versions. A suggested course of action is to append the letter p to the
base system name to come up with the parallel version name. For examples,
a DECstation 5000 using the MIPS R3000 CPU might call the serial version
'mips' and the parallel version 'pmips' (or perhaps 'dmips' for distributed).
    Once TCGMSG is installed, follow the instructions in the Spice3 and Cider
directories for installing the parallel versions.

Disclaimer
----------
    Please read the disclaimer found in this same directory.  It provides
information on your rights with respect to copyright and warranty.

Technical Problems
------------------
    Please report any bugs or problems to either:

    (E-MAIL)
	cider-bugs@ic.Berkeley.EDU

    (US MAIL)
	EECS/ERL Industrial Support Office
	ATTN: Cider Technical Question
	205 Cory Hall
	U.C. Berkeley
	Berkeley, CA 94720
